Update user guide (#86)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-W17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

## **Quick start**

1. Ensure you have Java `11` or above installed in your Computer (from [here](https://www.oracle.com/sg/java/technologies/javase/jdk11-archive-downloads.html) if you do not have it already).

1. Download the latest `letsgethired.jar` from [here](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-W17-2/tp/releases).

    ![Zip file download](images/downloadJar.jpg)

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your **LetsGetHired** application.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar letsgethired.jar` command to run the application. A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   
    ![Ui](images/Ui.jpg)

1. Here's what you'll see when you start the app for the first time ! We've added some intern applications already. Enter your commands in the **Command Bar**. On the left you'll see a **List View** of all your applications ordered by the date you added them. On the right, the **Select View** shows you a more in depth view of your selected application

> 1. Type the command in the command box and press `Enter` to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window. Some example commands you can try:

Reviewer: Perhaps we should change the sample commands here?

Maybe we could include:
* `list`
* `view 1` 

Also `tag` feature is outdated - we have updated changing Status using `edit` instead!

### Step 1: Adding Your Internship

**Context:** You're starting your internship application journey, and you want to add a new entry.

To add your internship, go to the input box and type the following command:
   ```shell
   add n/Google r/Full Stack Developer c/Summer 2024
   ```
This command specifies the company (Google), the role (Full Stack Developer), and the internship details (Summer 2024).

After hitting Enter, your new internship entry will appear in the left panel of the application, allowing you to keep track of your application details effortlessly.

### Step 2: Editing Company Name

**Context:** You realize that you made a mistake in the company name and need to correct it.

To edit the company name, use the `edit` command, followed by the entry number (in this case, it's 1) and the corrected company name:
   ```shell
   edit 1 n/Google Inc
   ```
   This command updates the company name to "Google Inc."

   Always ensure your application details are accurate to avoid confusion in the future.

### Step 3: Updating Application Status

**Context:** You've submitted your application, and you want to update the application status.

> To update the status of your internship application, use the `tag` command. For example, to mark your application as "Applied," enter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the status of your internship application, use the `edit` command. For example, to mark your application as "Accepted," enter:
```

Also now that status is Enum, perhaps we could change it to the above?

   ```shell

>    tag 1 s/Applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   edit 1 s/Applied
```

We have updated our app, to use `edit` instead of `tag` for Status updates

| **Help**   | `help`                                                      | `help`                                                                |
| **Clear**  | `clear`                                                     | `clear`                                                               |

> | **Exit**   | `exit`                                                      | `exit`                                                                |

Reviewer: Perhaps we could include the `find` feature here as well in the command summary?
